I'm going to be demonstrating a series
of lighting setups for rangefinder
magazine when shooting on location you
really want to keep your light portable
and today I had a chance to try out the
fantastic Ron color move
this is 1,200 watts of pure power I mean
I had a kit with two lights I'm shooting
at a carousel that I'm using one light
on an octa box and another light to
light up the black dress give a little
bit more density to the image but I mean
they're just just just incredible
we're lighting up huge areas and there's
just a lot of power tool quite portable
you're only carrying around about 13
pounds the speed model full power
recycling is about 0.9 seconds that's
fast you've got a 9.0 stop power range
which is just awesome you've got a
continuous light adapter and you've got
a ECT C color temperature control which
again when you're working on a situation
where you've got carousel lights going
around you've got different light
temperatures this really gives you a
nice beautiful light it has a built-in
radio receiver and the modelling light
runs for about two hours the brown
colour move 1200 is this an awesome
piece of machinery
I mean it's built for serious
photographers if you're on location or
in the studio it's pure power beautiful
light Portability and massive massive
output
so today for storage solutions I'm using
sand disks brand-new SanDisk Extreme Pro
it's a 160 megabyte card and in this
case I'm using a 64 gigabyte these cards
are just extremely fast I mean they're
really taking the most potential out of
your camera possible I'm shooting with
the mark 3 and I'm doing continuous
shots and it's as fast
buffering speed is like to none so
you're easily getting 10 12 14 more
shots than you would with the previous
card when preparing a shoot like this on
location make sure that you're really
working with the team that you're either
familiar with you're comfortable with
and in today's case I kind of out
sourced a bunch of different people that
I never worked before with but I'm
excited with the results I mean
everybody got my idea from point 0 we
built on that creatively we exchanged
different ideas and as you're gonna see
the results are pretty awesome